Friends, if you've been in startup or
tech world for a long time or even
recently, you probably remember or have
seen this essay from Paul Graham, the
founder of Y Combinator, cited many
times. It uh it has this one line in it.
Make something people want. And that
line just resonated like it for the last
15 years it has dominated the
conversation around why startups should
you know create things, why companies
should make things, what kind of
marketing to do, what kind of products
to build. There's something wrong with
it. It's it's not wrong. You should do
this if you're a founder of a company.
If you're a marketer who's creating a
blog post or a social post or a video or
a webinar, you're making an event or
you're adding a new feature, you should
make something that people provably
want.
But this advice is incomplete in 2025.
This advice is incomplete.
I'm going to walk you through some
examples. I I just want to show you
these because I think it will make this
what what I'm going to tell you
resonate. Uh this is my friend Scott's
ultrasonic knife ultrasonic sharp.
>> And I was showing some people who came
over for dinner, including our friend
Desi, this this knife and having people
compare the two knives
>> because once I got an ultrasonic knife,
>> I couldn't stop talking about it.
>> Like I I wanted to share with people
over and over and over again. You can
see she's about to cut with the
ultrasonic.
>> We're going to give this guy a go.
First,
>> all we have to do is just tap that.
>> Yeah. When you tap it, you'll feel it.
>> You push the button, you can barely feel
that it's on. And then when she slices
through the lemon, it's just like it's
it's like magic, right? And the
comparison with even a very sharp
>> knife holding it is remarkable. So, here
you go.
>> It is. It's on.
>> Yeah.
>> I know, right?
>> All right. Oh, thanks.
No forces required.
>> I could not have cut that more lightly
if I had tried.
>> It's so cool, right? Like I just can't I
can't stop. I love cutting new things
with it. Here's me cutting a pineapple
with the ultrasonic and I'm just, you
know, over the moon excited about how
>> comparatively easy it is versus the
other one.
>> We're rolling.
>> I just just too into it. You know, this
is another example. This is Spark Toro.
This is the old Spark Toro, like from a
a few years ago up until uh April of
this year. This was what Spark Toro
looked like. It had a bunch of great
data. The features were there. The
product was good. The numbers were
excellent. You could export this and,
you know, upload it to a to your
favorite LLM, ask it all sorts of
questions. Like, the audience data was
great, but
it wasn't something people wanted to
talk about. It was tough to get people
to talk about it. You know what we did?
We made the new Spark Toro way more
visual. Now you see these charts and
graphs screenshotted and put into
people's reports inside companies from
agencies to their clients at agency
pitches between different companies in
people who are presenting on stages.
They're showing it off. You know, I
heard that there was this big conference
in San Diego and like, oh, Spark Tour
was mentioned so many times. Yes.
Because it's so visual now. You want to
talk about it. You want to share it. You
want to show it off.
Even something as small as a social
media post. I went through Amanda's uh
Threads profile, which she's she's
prolific on threads. She's well
followed. She gets a lot of engagement
there. Why did this particular one do so
well? It's because people wanted to talk
about that one. Like that one got way
more engagement because it's a topic
that people really were into and wanted
to talk about. It's the kind of thing
the algorithm shows and promotes it. It
just has all the variables. Here's my
buddy Will
sending out a a LinkedIn post that is
useful. It is on an important topic. I
actually recommend that you watch the
video and read what he wrote about it,
but it's not something you necessarily
need to or want to talk about with other
people. And so the engagement looks
quite light to me. And when you see this
one where Will is talking about, you
know, hey, if you want to see anybody
who is making these like crappy
listicles all over the web so that they
can appear in LLM, which apparently
totally works, by the way. I was
fascinated to see this post. I engaged
with it. I was like, whoa, this is crazy
that you can just build these things.
It's like spamming back in the late 90s
for Google. It works. But this topic
speaks not only to a subject that's
deeply interesting, right, which is like
spamming LLMs, but also how you can see
who's doing it and you know, Will's
audience is into this. And so the
engagement is crazy high. Here's uh an
email I just received from Hunter who's
talking about this this new tool that
they've got to like help use AI to
generate the emails that you send out.
This is a great idea. Rather than
talking about the feature directly, they
built a little can you tell if this
email is AI or human written and then
you you take a little quiz. That's
that's I want to talk about that. I want
to take the quiz. I want to talk about
it. I want to share it on my social
profiles. I want to send it to my
buddies who are like, "Oh, I can always
tell an AI email." It all of that,
right? Here's Constant Contact on the
other hand which has a a good feature a
multiple account uh feature inside their
product which definitely is good for a
bunch of their customers especially at
enterprise levels valuable feature. This
is hard to get people to talk about
directly. People don't want to talk
about like an internal feature that's
useful to some customers. It doesn't
have an angle. It's not you can't sink
your teeth into it. The best advice I've
got is not just to make something people
want.
It's to make something people want to
talk about. In 2025, I think the bar is
way higher. Especially in software and
tech and marketing and content and
social. The bar is too high to simply
make something people want. You've got
to make something people want to talk